---
title: About Us
permalink: /AboutUs/
---

[About the App](/Beautiful-Open-Ended-Interior-Graphics/AboutApp/ "About the App")

# About Us
## Bobby Jones
Bobby is a Senior Computer Engineering major and Mathematics minor. He has had internships with Easton Utilities doing web design through SharePoint with database work through MySQL, Vanguard doing web development through AngularJS 1.X with a focus in WCAG accessibilty, and is currently interning for American Specialty Health as a Software Automation Intern working with Selenium to create automated testing for several external sites. Within the scope of this project, Bobby is the designated tester as he has a knack for breaking things. [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bobby-jones-02b0ba92)

## Chris Bowling
Chris Bowling is currently an undergraduate at the University of South Carolina pursuing a bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a minor in Mathematics. After graduation, he plans to pursue a master's degree in Software Engineering. His current focus out of school is on Android development.  Chris is our official group Captain.

## Christopher Skeen
Christopher Skeen is a undergraduate Senior at the University of South Carolina. He is majoring in Computer Engineering, so he really likes both software and hardware problems. He works as an SI Peer Leader for the Student Success Center, providing support for students in Introduction to Software Engineering--which is a fancy way of saying that he helps other students learn to program in C++. Christopher is in charge of source control and style.

## Ian Finch
Ian Finch is a Senior at the University of South Carolina, majoring in Computer Engineering. He is passionate about computer hardware, robotics, and human-computer interaction. He has some experience working with Unity using C# at game jams. He is excited to see the future of VR in human-computer interaction. Ian is our researcher and analyst for this project.

## Stephen Reaves
Stephen is a Senior at The University of South Carolina with a major in Computer Science and a minor in Business Administration.  He has previous experience in C++, BASH, SQL, Java, HTML, CSS, and Python.  This is his first time using C#, the Unity Editor, or even Virtual Reality in general.  He has definitely learned a lot from this project, but still feel most comfortable in a terminal. [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephen-reaves-40813aa2/)
